
These descriptions relate to the layers shown in the diagram from
"RTPS Discovery.odg" and "RTPS Discovery.jpg".  There are three
layers shown there.


DCPS Layer
----------

This layer is mainly involved in the discovery switching logic.  The
Service Paricipant and Domain Participant need to have options that
control which discovery mechanism is used for each domain participant.
This needs to be integrated into the existing code that determines and
Info Repo for each DP.  The main interfaces between this layer and the
one below are the DCPSInfo, DCPSDataReaderRemote, and
DCPSDataWriterRemote IDL interfaces that the Info Repo uses and a BIT
reader interface that will be used to inject BIT samples into the local
data readers.  The BIT reader interfaces need to be pulled out of the
existing code and exposed to the RTPS Discovery layer, including a
"fake" data reader that can be fed from in-process data.  The existing
IDL interfaces may need to be tweaked to support RTPS discovery, but we
should be able to use them pretty much as is with a collocated CORBA
object replacing the remote object references of the current discovery.
We also need global configuration options to control this and other
aspects of RTPS.


RTPS Discovery
--------------

The hope is that a lot of this code can be adapted from and shared with
the existing Info Repo implementation.  One main difference is that
instead of accumulating state from the IDL calls from the different
participants, the state will be extracted from the RTPS Discovery
Messaging layer below.  Most IDL calls from the local process will pass
data through to the RTPS Discovery Messaging for sharing with other
participants.  Some IDL calls will also cause "matching" to occur based
on data queried from the Messaging layer.


RTPS Discovery Messaging
------------------------

The main components here are the custom Data Writers and Readers that
will communicate the builtin topics that discovery is based upon.  They
need to be custom because they (obviously) can't depend on the discovery
layer and may need to use lower level interfaces on the transport layer
to write (and possibly read) their messages.  They will also maintain
their own state to handle resends, other spec-defined logic, and queries
from the matching logic.


------------------------------------------------------------------------

Other Details

Configuration
-------------

Existing domain configurations in the .ini file appear as follows:

[domain/<domain_name>]
DomainId=<domain_id>
DomainRepoKey=<integer>

where keystring refers to a repository section of the same file:

[repository/<repo_name>]
RepositoryKey=<integer>
RepositoryIor=<inforepo_ior>

Leaving the existing functionality as is, we'll add the ability to
configure individual domains to use an RTPS configuration for discovery.
For example, to the default RTPS discovery configuration:

[domain/<domain_name>]
DomainId=<domain_id>
DiscoveryConfig=RTPS

To use a specific RTPS discovery configuration:

[domain/<domain_name>]
DomainId=<domain_id>
DiscoveryConfig=RTPS:<config_name>

To configure the default RTPS discovery configuration, simply define a
section named [rtps_discovery].  to configure a specific RTPS discovery
configuration, simply define a section named [rtps_discovery/<name>].
